Specifications.

OBJECTIVE OF THE SITE
1.The purpose of creating this website is to present a company services that offers in order to increase its sales and the number of inquires.
The company repairs heavy machinery ,creates hoses for machinery and focuses on the hydraulics and mechanics part.
KEY AUDIENCE
2. The key audience we try to reach is the existing clients also to be easy for them to inform on the new updates and future customers also
to appeal to the services the company provides in a more simple way.

PROVISIONAL SITE STRUCTURE
2.1 Search Engine Ranking
The website should be accessible to search engine spiders and be coded with good on-page search engine optimisation.
The designer should propose seperately a budget for link building required to make the site reasonably competitive in the target market

3.This structure is likely to change  through the design stage of the website.
A website structure that i try to incorporate is this one "http://www.realcm.ro/proiecte/"

3.1 Home Page
The home page will give visitors an overview of our services.
3.2 Services List
This page will give an overview of each of our products
3.3 Services Detail Pages
For each service there will be provided a detailed summary of the service  including prices and photographs.
3.4 About Us
Details about our company and personnel.
3.5 Contact Us
Full contact details including a map.
3.6 Site Map
A site map should be provided showing the structure of the site and linking to every page on the site
3.7 Calendar
The calendar should provide the services available that day and the free hours of the services and also the working hours of that company

4.1 Overall Style
The site style should incorporate our corporate colours and logo.
4.2 Navigation
A common navigation bar should be included on all pages. 
he navigation bar will include links to the home page, services list, about us, and contact details.
5.1 Accessibility
This site must comply with the standards of accessibility contained in W3C WAI (World Wide Web Consortium Web Accessibility Initiative) level A Guidelines.
5.2 Valid Code
All code on the site should validate to W3C (World Wide Web Consortium) specifications.


TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION?????(a more detailed description of points presented below )???(not yet decided on the technology to be used 
for creating this website)

4.It is a ecommerce site that will have a list containing the services provided by the company.
5.It will also have a main page where there will be a short description of the company ,including contacting details like telephone number ,email,a map that has a 
pin that shows where is the company located.
6.On another page the services will be listed and a calendar will be present to show the user the days when the company is open and the services available 
on that day .
7.Proposed domain name :www.trscompany.com
